# Handwritten-Digit-Recognition-
Handwritten Digit Recognition of the Printed ‘Particle Board Cutting and Edge Banding Information Form’ Using OCR (Optical Character Recognition)
# ABSTRACT
I noticed that in a furniture cutting and edge banding company, which transfers the data received from the customer to the computer by having the form filled in handwriting, it takes a long time to transform and control the form into the digital environment by a human. To solve this problem, a system has been developed by the usage of machine learning. As a result, although the average accuracy rate of the examined samples is not completely reliable with a result of 72.1977 percent, the research findings suggest that this tech-enabled system can save time for furniture materials processing.
# INTRODUCTION
  In our constantly changing, transforming, and developing world, we have seen that many manual and labor-intensive tasks can now be performed in seconds by machines and smart technologies. This development has been accelerated by machine learning, which has been the key driver behind our increasingly automated world.
	In this research, I investigated how machine learning and optical character recognition systems can make our lives easier in the field of furniture materials processing. In other words, in this paper, I will explain how the cutting and banding form, which is traditionally filled in manually is instead transferred to an excel file with the text detection method. In this process, I paid attention to the way the machine accepts data in terms of usability and to carry out the process with the minimum effort.
